# Hi there, I'm Joan Hermay 👋😁

<!--
**joanhermay/joanhermay** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

## About

Hi!, I'm Joan Hermay, a computer systems engineering student and a Java
programmer and Java lover. Why Java? Because Java Rocks. 😉

## 🔭 Currently working on

### Learning
Right now I am focusing on learning and mastering Java and thus giving way to
learning the frameworks.

But not only Java, also a bit of C/C++ and Python, although I don't use them much.

Also, focus on my career studies and thus soon graduate. So don't worry, the
projects will progress, slowly but surely. ;)

### Some personal projects

If you are interested on it, here a resume:

- **[Condition4J][condition4j-repo]** (no public code available at the moment): A simple 
  conditions builder library for Java. Its objective is to provide an easy and simple
  way to create reutilizable and immutable conditions in your projects targeting common
  types, and to help clean your code of long if-else chains.

- **[Number2Word4J][number2word4j-repo]** (no public code available at the moment): You
  and I know that there are services that make our lives easier when you want to
  convert numbers to words, but do you have any alternative when the internet
  disappears 🤨? Most likely not, so Number2Word4J will be there to help you.\
  Number2Word4J is a numbers to words converter library for Java. Its objective is
  to provide an easy and simple way to convert a number to the desired language, 
  complying with the rules of the language itself as well as the rules of the scale
  system that govern them, all of the above offline.
  
- **[JXMI2PHP][jxmi2php-repo]**: It is a UML model parser in XMI format generated by
  the _StarUML_ application, written in Java, which it will convert to PHP code.
  
- **[SDPVES][sdpves-repo]**: It is a system, written in Python and using Django
  framework, that shows the number of people vaccinated as a prevention of 
  COVID-19 in El Salvador.
  
Thank you for reading! 🙋‍♂

[condition4j-repo]: https://github.com/joanhermay/condition4j
[number2word4j-repo]: https://github.com/joanhermay/number2word4j
[sdpves-repo]: https://github.com/joanhermay/SDPVES
[jxmi2php-repo]: https://github.com/joanhermay/jxmi2php
